[Python] enums. iterate on the log-level exercise (#2811)
exercism/v3: languages/python/exercises/concept/log-levels/.docs/instructions.md

## 2. Support unknown log level

> Unfortunately, occasionally some log messages have an unknown log messages. To gracefully handle these log messages in the function `parse_log_level`, add an `Unknown` member to the `LogLevel` enum which is returned when parsing an unknown log level:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, some log messages occasionally appear with an _unknown_ severity. To gracefully handle these 'mystery' log messages in the function `parse_log_level`, add an `Unknown` member to the `LogLevel` enum which is returned when parsing an unknown log level:
```

```python
parse_log_level("[XYZ]: Overly specific, out of context message")
#=> LogLevel.Unknown
```

## 3. Convert a log message to the short format

The log level of a log line is quite verbose. To reduce the disk space needed to store the log messages, a short format is defined: `"[<CODE_LEVEL>]:<MESSAGE>"`.

> The log level codes are following a simple mapping:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log level codes follow a straightforward mapping:
```

| LEVEL     | CODE |
| --------- | ---- |
| `Trace`   | `0`  |
| `Debug`   | `1`  |
| `Info`    | `4`  |
| `Warning` | `5`  |
| `Error`   | `6`  |
| `Fatal`   | `7`  |
| `Unknown` | `42` |

> Define the `convert_to_short_log()` which takes this two parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the `convert_to_short_log()` function, which takes two parameters:
```

1. Log level - The Log level of the log sent. ex: `LogLevel.Error`.
2. Log Message - The message of type `str`.

```python
convert_to_short_log(LogLevel.Error, "Stack overflow")
# => "6:Stack overflow"
```

## 4. Create an Alias

It looks like the user has created logs for `LogLevel.Warn` instead of `LogLevel.Warning`. Create an `alias` for `LogLevel.Warning` and return the new alias member in the function `get_warn_alias`.

> This can be done on the same enum class `LogLevel` already defined at the top of the file. Both the LogLevels should point to same value `"WRN"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done on the same enum class `LogLevel` already defined at the top of the file. Both the LogLevels should point to same value: `"WRN"`.
```
